IME-344: Document the PM4ML onboarding process (#27)
infitx-org/participation-tool-docs: md-docs/PM4ML_Docs/connectToLiveHub.md

# Connecting Mojaloop Payment Manager to a Live Hub via Docker Compose

## Overview
This guide details the deployment and connection of the Mojaloop Payment Manager to a live hub using Docker Compose. It includes configuring environment variables, running the services, and verifying functionality via health checks and the UI.

## Prerequisites
- **Docker and Docker Compose**: Installed on the deployment server.

> - **Payment Manager Repository**: Cloned or downloaded with a `docker-compose.yml` file supporting the portal profile.

Reviewer: Do you want to specify the repo link here?

- **Hub Access**: Credentials and endpoint details from the hub operator.
- **Network Access**: Localhost or server IP accessible on ports `4010`, `8081`, and other service-specific ports.

## Step-by-Step Guide

### 1. Configure Environment Variables
Set the following environment variables in a `.env` file or directly in `docker-compose.yml`. These are tailored to your DFSP and hub configuration.

#### Common Environment Variables
- **DFSP_ID**: Sets the Digital Financial Service Provider (DFSP) identifier.
  - Example: `dfsp-2`

#### Management API Environment Variables
- **AUTH_CLIENT_ID**: Specifies the Client ID or DFSP ID used for authentication.
  - Example: `dfsp-2`
- **AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET**: Defines the secret key used for authentication with the authorization server.
  - Example: `uvghb1OMl5l9vMXTvu2hp04rAExRjRS4`
- **HUB_IAM_PROVIDER_URL**: Sets the Identity and Access Management (IAM) provider URL.
  - Example: `https://keycloak.zm-uat.drpp-onprem.global`
- **MCM_SERVER_ENDPOINT**: Defines the endpoint URL for the Mojaloop Connection Manager (MCM) server.
  - Example: `https://mcm.zm-uat.drpp-onprem.global/pm4mlapi`

> - **CALLBACK_URL**: Specifies the Virtual Machine domain name.

Reviewer: Can you mask the real DNS names here?

  - Example: `https://pm4ml.example.com`
- **WHITELIST_IP**: Specifies the public IP range of the VM that is whitelisted for system access.
  - Example: `106.215.0.0/16`
  - Ensures secure access by limiting the IP range.

#### SDK Scheme Adapter Environment Variables
- **API_TYPE**: Defines the API format for message processing.
  - Example: `iso20022`

> - **GET_SERVICES_FXP_RESPONSE**: Configures the test response for Foreign Exchange Processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GET_SERVICES_FXP_RESPONSE**: Configures the FXP to use for transfers which need currency conversion.

```
